# Amongus-ERP
Awesome FNF mod, very cool, very BASED, very █████  ඞඞඞඞඞ

Connection ███████████ I'm sorry to █████████ you, ██████████ if you still even remember that █████ But I'm afraid you've been ████████████ You are not here to ███████ a gift, nor have you been called here by ███ ██████████ you assume, although, you have indeed been called. You have all been called here, into a █████████ of ██████ and ███████ misdirection and misfortune. A █████████ with no exit, a ████ with no prize. You don't even realize that you are ████████ Your lust for █████ has driven you in endless ████████ chasing the █████ of children in some unseen ████████ always seeming so near, yet somehow out of reach, but you will never ඞඞඞඞ them. None of you will. This is where your story █████ And to you, my brave ██████████ who somehow found this ███ listing not intended for you, although there was a way out planned for you, I have a feeling that's not what you █████ I have a feeling that you are right where you want to be. I am █████████ as well. I am ███████ This place will not be ███████████ and the ██████ of everything that started this can finally begin to ████ █████ As the agony of every tragedy should. And to you ████████ trapped in the corridors, be still and give up your spirits. They don't belong to you. For most of you, I believe there is peace and perhaps more waiting for you after the smoke clears. Although, for one of you, the darkest pit of Hell has opened to ███████ you whole, so don't keep the devil waiting, old friend. My █████████ if you can ████ me, I knew you would return as well. It's in your nature to protect the innocent. I'm sorry that on that day, the day you were shut out and left to ████ no one was there to lift you up into their arms the way you lifted others into yours, and then, what became of you. I should have known you wouldn't be content to disappear, not my █████████ I couldn't save you then, so let me save you now. It's time to rest - for you, and for those you have carried in your arms. This ends for all of us. End ██████████████
